MAIN GREETING: (All these done with Anna)
Thank you for calling DreamAuthentics, Since the year 2000 we have defined the personal video arcade industry. We transform your video game dreams into reality.
If you know your extension, please dial it now
For DreamAuthentics, personalized video arcades, dial 1, For Game On, Video Game Book Publishing, dial 2. Dial zero or hold to speak with the first available video game consultant. Thank you for calling DreamAuthentics! We look forward to transforming your video game dreams into reality!

IF THEY PRESS 2
Thank you for calling about Game On! Video Game Book Publishing. Our book that has been published recently is called Game On! Ten Things You Must Know When Buying Your Own “Do It All” Classic Gaming System by author and founder of DreamAuthentics Rick Barretto.

Rick Barretto has more experience in the arcade gaming business than anyone you'll ever meet. In this book he lays out ten things you must know before you level up to your own custom gaming system. Modern-day systems have incredible features and endless possibilities that can provide countless hours of fun. Before you make an investment in your personalized system, read through this decision-making guide to avoid pitfalls, missed opportunities, and inferior products.

Currently you can purchase the book directly from Amazon.com – simply search for “Rick Barretto” or “Ten Things You Must Know” on the amazon search bar to find the book or click the link on the website. We hope you find the book helpful on your quest to find the ultimate retro arcade system. 
Finally, Mr. Barretto is available to speak to your group or organization about the topics in the book or his experiences in the video game industry, please email bookings@dreamauthentics.com to talk with a representative about your upcoming event.
Thank you for your interest in Game On Publishing!

Press 0 to leave a message for someone to call you back or 9 to return to the main menu












IF THEY PRESS 1:

Thank you for calling dreamauthentics.com the leading manufacturer of personal video arcade products.
If you know your party's extension, please dial it now.
For sales dial 701
For customer service, billing and shipping dial 702
For technical support dial 703
To learn more about our award winning game cabinets dial 704
Dial 0 to speak to the first available representative
Thank you for calling DreamAuthentics.com

WHEN YOU PRESS 0 for operator:
It is perfect with anna voice - no change

WHEN YOU PRESS 701
You have reached the dreamauthentics sales department, all of our video game consultants are busy helping other customers design their perfect video arcade and are not available to answer your call at the present time, however your call is VERY valuable to us, please leave your name, email address and phone number and the reason for your call and we will forward to the appropriate video game consultant, you may fill out our contact form on our website at www.dreamauthentics.com or finally you may also email our sales team directly at sales@dreamauthentics.com, someone will get back to you right away. Thank you for calling DreamAuthentics.com!

WHEN YOU PRESS 702
You have reached the dreamauthentics customer service department, all of our video game customer service agents are busy helping other customers and are not available to answer your call at the present time, however your call is VERY valuable to us, please leave your name, email address and phone number and the reason for your call and we will forward to the appropriate customer service agent, you may fill out our contact form on our website at www.dreamauthentics.com or finally you may also email our customer service team directly by email support@dreamauthentics.com, someone will get back to you right away. Thank you for calling DreamAuthentics.com!

WHEN YOU PRESS 703
You have reached the dreamauthentics technical support department, all of our video game technical support engineers are busy helping other customers and are not available to answer your call at the present time, however your call is VERY valuable to us, please leave your name, email address and phone number and the reason for your call and we will forward to the appropriate technical support engineer, you may fill out our contact form on our website at www.dreamauthentics.com or finally you may also email our technical support team directly by email helpdesk@dreamauthentics.com, someone will get back to you right away. Thank you for calling DreamAuthentics.com!

IF THEY DIAL 704

***To Learn more about our game cabinets (dial 1)***

Since the year 2000 when we pioneered the industry, DreamAuthentics products harness a combination of the most up-to-date software applications and blends them in a smooth arcade cabinet that replicates the exact look and feel of commercial stand-up cabinets found through out arcades since the 80's.

Our goal with the product line was to create a universal game platform that could play 
Virtually any game ever created using authentic arcade joysticks, trackballs, spinners and 
Arcade monitors.

We have a platform for nearly every design taste and price that can be customized to include several different upgrade options.






Besides playing literally thousands of new and retro video games, our products can also:

Play XBOX and PlayStation games
Play your favorite DVD movie
Surf the internet
Play your favorite MP3 music
Display your favorite TV show

To learn more about the Excalibur Game Cabinet, press 1
To learn more about the Eladius Game Cabinet, press 2
To learn more about the Sting Game Cabinet, press 3
To learn more about our exciting accessories and game cabinet upgrade options, press 4

Thank you for your interest in our products, please make your selection now or press 9 to return to the main menu.

IF THEY HIT 1
Thank you for your interest in Excalibur
The Excalibur is our flagship 2 player Personal Video Arcade Cabinet.
Excalibur comes with:
An Authentic wide screen arcade monitor up to 40 inches
Authentic arcade joysticks, buttons, spinner and Trackball
A customized marquee where you can “see your name in lights”
And Authentic arcade coin doors

To learn more about Excalibur, and our monthly specials, please visit our website at www.dreamauthentics.com

Press 0 to leave a message for someone to call you back or 9 to return to the main menu

IF THEY PRESS 2

Thank you for your interest in Eladius
The Eladius is our flagship 4 player Personal Video Arcade Cabinet.
Eladius has a two-piece design, with an innovative pedestal layout to fit 4 players comfortably around the control panel
Eladius also has an incredible wide screen arcade monitor up to 60 inches.
Authentic arcade joysticks, buttons, spinner and Trackball
A customized marquee where you can “see your name in lights”
And Authentic arcade coin doors

To learn more about Eladius, and our monthly specials, please visit our website at www.dreamauthentics.com

Press 0 to leave a message for someone to call you back or 9 to return to the main menu

IF THEY PRESS 3

Thank you for your interest in Sting
The Sting is our flagship space saving Personal Video Arcade Cabinet.
Sting is nearly IDENTICAL to our Excalibur cabinet except it has smaller monitor and footprint
and a smaller control panel to further emphasize the space saving design
Sting, comes with:
A custom-designed control panel
An Authentic wide screen arcade monitor
Authentic arcade joysticks, buttons, spinner and Trackball
A customized marquee where you can “see your name in lights”
And authentic arcade coin doors

To learn more about Sting, and our monthly specials, please visit our website at www.dreamauthentics.com

Press 0 to leave a message for someone to call you back or 9 to return to the main menu






IF THEY DIAL 4
Thank you for your interest in our upgrade options
Our products are designed so customers have the ability to customize any cabinet according to their own, individual classic gaming needs. Some of our incredible upgrade options include:

*Steel Joysticks
*Optical Joysticks
*XBOX and PlayStation Game System Integration
*Illuminated Trackball
*Custom button and spinner colors
*Integrated or wireless flight sticks
*Racing Steering wheel
*Pinball Buttons
*Arcade Light Gun
*Enhanced Combustion Game Engine
*Custom Arcade Side Art and Decals and Dance Pads

To learn information about our upgrade options, and our monthly specials, please visit our website at www.dreamauthentics.com

Press 0 to leave a message for someone to call you back or 9 to return to the main menu



